samih he had the world at his feet he
had the moves fleshy crowd-pleasing
steps he had the magic I keep asking
myself why
did I fail it
he had the music the Parker Parker
please the one thing he needed was a
partner what the dance was wonderful
unexpected what's wrong with me what is
so wrong with the way I dance
I want to dance with you the ROM is the
dance of love I want to dance with you
your way can be like you in love that's
it now everything's theirs for the
taking all they have to do you're a
beginner friend what the hell did you
think you would do please is make the
right move I don't want you to be like
them no one but no one bill adjacent
there's something in the air it may be
love but it's not strictly boring
[Music]
[Applause]